Add descriptions to resource-configs missing frontmatter descriptions (#9641)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/group.md

---

> description: "Assign a resource to a group to organize your project and control which models can reference it."

Reviewer: Hiya Leona

The [Model access](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/mesh/govern/model-access?version=2.0&name=Fusion) docs describe groups as organizing models under a shared owner, and access as the modifier that controls who can reference a model. The current description blends those: “control which models can reference it” sounds like access. Suggest something like: “Assign a resource to a group to organize your project and define ownership boundaries.”

> description: "Assign a resource to a group to organize your project and control which models can reference it."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Assign dbt resources to groups to organize ownership and control access to private models."
```
